c:\users\dhonaker\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\CzmlRealtimeServer.dll.config
c:\users\dhonaker\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\CzmlRealtimeServer.dll
c:\users\dhonaker\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\CzmlRealtimeServer.pdb
c:\users\dhonaker\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dhonaker\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\dhonaker\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\dhonaker\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\dhonaker\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dhonaker\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\dhonaker\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\dhonaker\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\dhonaker\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\obj\Debug\CzmlRealtimeServer.dll
c:\users\dhonaker\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\obj\Debug\CzmlRealtimeServer.pdb
c:\users\dhonaker\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\AGI.Foundation.Core.dll
c:\users\dhonaker\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\AGI.Foundation.Models.dll
c:\users\dhonaker\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\AGI.Foundation.Platforms.dll
c:\users\dhonaker\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\AGI.Foundation.Tracking.dll
c:\users\dhonaker\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\AGI.Foundation.Core.xml
c:\users\dhonaker\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\AGI.Foundation.Models.xml
c:\users\dhonaker\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\AGI.Foundation.Platforms.xml
c:\users\dhonaker\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\AGI.Foundation.Tracking.xml
c:\users\dhonaker\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\AGI.Foundation.Cesium.dll
c:\users\dhonaker\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\AGI.Foundation.Cesium.xml
c:\users\dhonaker\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\obj\Debug\CzmlRealtimeServer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\CesiumTraining\exercise7\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\CzmlRealtimeServer.dll.config
C:\CesiumTraining\exercise7\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\CzmlRealtimeServer.dll
C:\CesiumTraining\exercise7\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\CzmlRealtimeServer.pdb
C:\CesiumTraining\exercise7\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\AGI.Foundation.Cesium.dll
C:\CesiumTraining\exercise7\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\AGI.Foundation.Core.dll
C:\CesiumTraining\exercise7\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\AGI.Foundation.Models.dll
C:\CesiumTraining\exercise7\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\AGI.Foundation.Platforms.dll
C:\CesiumTraining\exercise7\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\AGI.Foundation.Tracking.dll
C:\CesiumTraining\exercise7\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\CesiumTraining\exercise7\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\CesiumTraining\exercise7\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\CesiumTraining\exercise7\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\CesiumTraining\exercise7\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\AGI.Foundation.Cesium.xml
C:\CesiumTraining\exercise7\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\AGI.Foundation.Core.xml
C:\CesiumTraining\exercise7\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\AGI.Foundation.Models.xml
C:\CesiumTraining\exercise7\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\AGI.Foundation.Platforms.xml
C:\CesiumTraining\exercise7\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\AGI.Foundation.Tracking.xml
C:\CesiumTraining\exercise7\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\CesiumTraining\exercise7\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\CesiumTraining\exercise7\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\CesiumTraining\exercise7\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\CesiumTraining\exercise7\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\obj\Debug\CzmlRealtimeServer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\CesiumTraining\exercise7\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\obj\Debug\CzmlRealtimeServer.dll
C:\CesiumTraining\exercise7\CzmlRealtimeServer\CzmlRealtimeServer\obj\Debug\CzmlRealtimeServer.pdb
